{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red38\green38\blue38;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tell us about the features and technologies you used in your Swift playground.
\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\fs28 I used Apple's SpriteKit, which is a framework to develop games. With it is way easier to handle contact and collision between nodes (elements on the screen), that was the main reason for me to chose it. I could have done the same with UIKit (Apple\'92s main framework for app development) but I would\'92ve spent a lot of time implementing something that is ready to use. It's the fourth time that I use SpriteKit and I always get impressed by how easy it is to build amazing things with it. It's one of my favorites frameworks from Apple\
\
Since the first semester at college I was in love with first order logic and boolean algebra, in one of the first classes of logic the professor explained to us how infinites can be bigger than others (before The Fault In Our Stars movie), I remember as it was yesterday how that blew my mind, or in a formal languages and automata class when the teacher taught us about the barber paradox, it was so hard to understand and fun at the same time. So when I heard that the WWDC Scholarship would be a swift playground again I knew I had to make something about that.\
\
At first I thought about talking about how logic circuits are built in the computer, hardware wise. But it too complex to explain everything in under 3 minutes (there\'92s a lot of things about electric flow and transistors that are really complex). So I had the idea of talking about Boolean algebra, and it was evolving. I am very proud of the result, it took me several hours to make but it was really worth it. In the end I chose to create a playground book teaching a little of Boolean algebra and then letting the user create its own logic circuit. It was very fun to make and I hope that whoever is testing it have as much fun as I had creating it.
\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In what ways have you considered sharing your coding knowledge and enthusiasm for computer science with others?
\b0 \
\
I was a student at the Apple Developer Academy PUC-Rio during 2016 and 2017, and they maintain a very multidisciplinar ambient, which is amazing for me because I got to know people from and this knowledge trade is fantastic, I believe I became, not only a better developer, but a better person. I know it may sound a little cliche, but is true, I evolved as a human being by sharing knowledge with others, in the beginning of Apple Developer Academy I was afraid of public speaking and talking to people that I don't know that well, and being in such a diverse environment made me enhance a lot my social skills.\
\
I love helping others, specially when it comes to coding, which is my passion. I spent hours in the last week at the Apple Developer Academy helping friends with their playgrounds, so this is one of the ways I share my knowledge with others.\
\
Also in the Apple Developer Academy they have an initiative for creating content for the swift language in portuguese, since it\'92s very scarce and most of the available material is in english. It\'92s a youtube channel called Dev PUC-Rio, I created three videos for this channel, two about functional programming in swift and one about algorithm design. \
\
I always thought about creating some kind of programming classes in the favela I live in, to share my knowledge with kids that never had even heard of programming, but it\'92s really hard with college and work, but I didn\'92t give up on that dream. I fell like doing that would change how these kids see the world, and it would be really gratifying to see, at least one, pursuing a career in STEM because of that.\
\

\b If you have extenuating circumstances that would require travel assistance in addition to the lodging already provided for scholarship recipients, let us know.
\b0 \
\
I live in Brazil, and it's very expensive to travel abroad. Also I'm from a very humble family, I was born and raised in a brazilian favela (slum). I'm only able to study at PUC-Rio, a private college, because of an integral philanthropic scholarship that was given to me. My family can't afford such travel, that is why i never leaved my country. It would be an extraordinary and unique experience for me to get in touch with so much different cultures from all around the world. \
\

\b Is there anything else you would like us to know?\
\

\b0 As I said earlier I love to code, in the Apple Developer Academy's selective process it was asked to us to make a timeline with the highs and lows of our lives so far, one of the highest point in my timeline was when I learned to code, it literally changed my life for the best. If I was asked to make that timeline again I would certainly put a really high point representing when I started developing for iOS, cause it also changed my life completely, I met a bunch of awesome people because of that and discovered a career I could pursuit while doing something that I love.\
\
I also mentioned how much fun I had creating this playground, this last week was really crazy, with college and internship it was incredibly hard to find time to code this playground, but I did it and I\'92m very proud of myself because of that.\
\
By the way my playground works better in portrait :)
\b \
}