{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Hi, my name is Gabriel Oliveira, I\'92m an iOS developer from Brasil, and I love computer science and logic. I\'92m going to explain a little of how this two fields are intrinsically connected.\
\
In modern computers we use two states to represent data, this is called binary, which means by two states. We utilize the electricity flow to represent values, like when the flow is \'93on\'94 and when the flow is \'93off\'94. With this we gain two states, true and false, 1 and 0, and so on.\
\
It doesn\'92t look much (and it isn\'92t), but representing more than that using electricity is tricky because any electrical noise, like a microwave, could affect the representation and this problem get worse with the states changing millions of times per seconds. So to minimize this we use only two states placed as far apart as possible.\
\
Another reason to use only two states is that there\'92s already a branch of mathematics that deals only with values of true and false, and it\'92s called Boolean algebra, and it\'92s here that the logic part begins.\
\
In Boolean algebra the values of variables are the truth values true and false, differentiating from elementary algebra where the values of the variables are numbers. Other great difference is that its main operations are not addition and multiplication.\
\
They are:\
[not image] Not\
A not takes a single boolean value as input and negates it, turning a true to false and a false to true. \
\
[and image] And\
An and takes two values as input but has only one output, the output is only true if both inputs are true. It\'92s like saying the earth is round and it\'92s orbiting the sun, the sentence is only true if both subsentences are true. If the sentence were the earth is flat and its orbiting the sun, it would clearly be false.\
\
[or image] Or\
Or also take two values as input and has one as output, which is true when one of the values is true, like in the sentence I don\'92t want to go to WWDC or the sky is blue, despite the first part being ridiculously false (I really want to go :)) the sentence as a whole is still true.\
\
So Boolean algebra is a formalism to describe logical relations in the same way that elementary algebra describes numeric relations, cool huh?\
\
Ok, now you\'92re probably thinking: enough of this nerdy talk, I want to see the cool thing you made? Well, go to the next page check it out ~aquela carinha~\
\
\
}